Docs: Add docs for xdb-diff (#3137)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/guides/tablediff.md

```

The output matches, with the exception of the column labels in the `COMMON ROWS sample data differences`. The underlying table for each column is indicated by `s__` for "source" table (first table in the command's colon operator `:`) and `t__` for "target" table (second table in the command's colon operator `:`).

> ## Diffing tables or views across gateways

Reviewer: Can you add a screenshot of a shell output where you run a command and see what exact matches and diffs should look and feel like?

Reviewer: Also had generic metrics on performance time for table size. Ex:
- 1 billion rows across snowflake and bigquery, 50 seconds, etc.

Reviewer: Update: no need to add metrics for now

Author: I've added some sample output as text to keep with the existing theme of this page (and also text is easier to remove my name from the schema references)

Reviewer: Looks Gouda

> !!! info "Enterprise feature"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Tobiko Cloud Feature"
```

>     Cross-gateway table diffing is a feature of [SQLMesh Enterprise](./observer.md#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Cross-gateway table diffing is a feature of [Tobiko Cloud](./observer.md#installation).
```
